And precisely, today, Yen will
guide our fellow practitioners in
practicing the Dharma of striking the bell. This is called
striking the bell continuously, so we don't
need to count each bell chime
individually; we will strike according to our habit.
So, everyone, please pay attention: um um um um um um um um um um.
Here, it's called striking a long bell. For the
first three bell chimes, we strike them
slowly, counting the fourth chime, then
we strike according to the rhythm, gradually increasing the speed.
Here, we strike three bell chimes
to begin the ceremony.
We will strike them slowly,
and we will hear the first chime.
When the reverberation begins to decrease,
we strike the second chime.
Each bell has a
different amplitude of reverberation, so the
time interval between the two chimes will
vary.
And when we strike the bell
slowly like that, the final part will always
be a slow, continuous sound, striking according to the bell's rhythm.
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh [
Clap] Uh uh uh uh uh
[Clap] Uh uh uh uh
[Clap]
When drinking precious medicine, fellow practitioners, ring the bell
slowly. This is the bell-ringing chant
we usually use
in the tray before and after the
ceremony, we will read the "Into the Common Blessing" chant, then we will
read the "Into the Common Blessing" chant and combine it with ringing the bell.
Then I'll trouble you, brother. I'm
super big, sad,
going to the temple. Hey, cat, the mountain pass,
humiliation, escaping the dream, returning to the Brightness. Mr. Nguyen Thanh, the Buddha, you return, you return, you return, you return, you return, you love me, the Bodhisattva, the
city, you return, you return, you return, you return, you return, you return, you return, you combine the
flower, the Bodhisattva ...
The city of La La La... I'm sad, I've abandoned God, it's
over. My beloved father... yes, yes,
the idea is to follow the path of friendship. Each
bell has a different degree of influence,
so when we chant,
we chant and listen at the same time, and we
strike the bells differently. It's not like we can strike every
bell with the same sound.
Because if it's small, the
influence is less, or we play
faster and strike
more bells, like insurance funds.
We place them in the correct position, straight on
our right hand side and on our left hand side. The
bell and
gong set consists of 4 rhythms: the first rhythm is
three bells and three gongs, the second is one
gong and one gong, the third rhythm is one bell and
one gong, the fourth rhythm is
music, bell and gong. The
first and second gong sounds are far apart, the
third and fourth gong sounds are close together, and
then with the fifth gong sound, we
begin chanting. I see the Yen or
bell and gong set for the friends to see and
practice.
Yes, yes, yes,
yes,
here we are replacing it.
When we start chanting, we will use two
bells and wooden clappers before we
begin the economic activity. We will open the ceremony by striking the
clappers, and we practice our abdominal movements according to the
sound of the clappers to make it even. For example,
we take the Eight Great Enlightenment Sutra. We have
practiced making it even so that when
we strike, one clapper represents one word,
one clapper represents one syllable. The parent's chair, the
eight precepts of the Great Buddha, are
beautiful. Oh Buddha, add me, in the
blooming flowers, the meaning is that you will feel compassion for the world, exploring other things,
understanding other things, wearing back
those poems of the path. There are sentences that go from
this song to that place,
we are still striking down the
Vietnamese guest, this word goes to each
external hard drive, you know, Sister, we will
cut it, the
38 precepts of the great person. The usual
sound, the eight enlightenments of the Great Person. The horse
is my mother, from the word "person" to the word "is,"
because we have interrupted and
that reminder, still striking the first clapper. Peach comes to meet
A8 again.  The trash of the great man, the
artist, the one who practices the art of chanting,
we still beat the wooden clapper steadily, so
we don't interrupt the clapper. For example, this is
called stealing the investigation, the degree of the
great man is the beautiful one, remember day and night. I will
take care of it, we must not beat the clapper
like that because beating it thinly like that is
like singing music, and we
must use the clapper very steadily, very steadily.
The bat has a trajectory, now the province has a trajectory, look at the bell and
clapper combination
in this semi-combination, it is worth us to
invite the spirits up. The body of the teacher
participated in the whole denunciation, I am the lady who entered the sentence
of that person. The bell goes, the words of the invitation, the
martial arts of Chang'an, through the song about
receiving rice and bed. Or
now, for the Buddhists in the ceremony,
we also two people beat this, doing the work,
hearing the sound, hearing it often, but life is
not, children dare to greet friends. We
lead, yes,
yes, this song, we also have rice, and
now we beat a series of resistance.
At first, there are 3 sounds of the bell, then after that
we  We put our hands together and then we hit it repeatedly
until finally there are 3 sounds of the "Khanh" ringing,
like we're ringing a bell. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
So we hit it for a while, then
we hit it like that. Yes, so three "Khanh" sounds, three "Khanh" sounds, these are called the three "Khanh" sounds for us to worship Buddha. Then we stand
up and there are 3 bags of "Khanh" and 3 "
Khanh" sounds. There must be times when we will
use 3 bags of "Khanh" sounds. Now, press the
instructions for the mechanism at the nose.
We use one hand to hold the "Khanh" like
this. These three fingers hold
the forehead of the "Khanh," and these two
fingers hold the handle. We have to hold
the wooden stick of the "Khanh"
like this, but remember to hold it by the
thumb, the joint of the
index finger,
like this. It's really soft. With
these three fingers, we hold it here,
then we hit it.
How do we make the head of the "
Khanh" ring? Ah,
you have to come here.  It's perfect if you possess them and recite "
Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật
Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật" or use one
hand when we worship Buddha. It's very easy.
When we worship, we keep
one hand like this, we bow
early, the bell is cute, number H is very, very
easy. And when we bow down,
we bow down while holding the
bell, it's better than
when we hold it with two hands and we accidentally bow
down. My mother said, "
Let's try it on the mobile phone, okay?
A shrimp hitting the rain, doing it like that, fairy wings, great child, Avalokiteshvara, ancient
Bodhisattva II, uh uh uh uh ah ah uh uh ah.
Now I will guide us on how to use
this bell when we assist in chanting "
Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật Nam Mô
A Di Đà Phật" or we use it to assist in chanting "Nam Mô A Di Đà
Phật Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật Nam Mô A Di Đà Phật". Dear fellow
devotees, here are 3 Buddhist practitioners as examples
for you to follow when attending a
Buddhist ceremony.  In the middle, someone holds the microphone, one
Buddhist holds the bell, and another Buddhist
is responsible for ringing the bell. The Buddhist
who rings the bell always has to go down
first, ringing the bell two or three times
before finishing the bowing. Then they ring the bell,
and the other Buddhists bow down. According to me, we
have a spiritual path, let's follow along... uh uh uh uh ah ah...
Yeah, then we'll go have fun until five months...
[music]
Love is Far Away... uh uh uh
uh
I now have a Buddha. Namo Amitabha Buddha. Namo Amitabha... uh uh